our hero starts off wondering what our hero is doing. surely the author has plans of a journey for our hero? Something action-packed. Something deep. Thrilling. Something life changing.

No, the author doesn't feel like that. Not one little bit. Our hero wonders why the author doesn't want our hero to have a transforming narrative, something that could add to the myriad of mythoi and mark both of their persons into legend. Surely the author could have something to gain to chronicle some fiction. no, the author thought, the author doesn't have anything of the sort to write. Our hero , yet again, wonders. This time however, our hero wonders why the author is typing, if the author isn't going to write something. The author has written more than a hundred words by now. Surely, Surely this will lead somewhere. The author cannot be writing for the sake of writing. There has to be a message conveyed. Each sentence a story of its own. Each letter a colour in a technically colourful ream of colour paper. But no, the author serves no purpose to our hero, wasting our hero's time. Our hero is getting impatient. Our hero is really thinking about leaving. the author doesn't care however, and isn't making any attempt to stop our hero from leaving. So why is our hero still here. Well well well, the author thinks, look who the bat cagged bin. Our hero is quite confused. Very confused. Our hero wants to know more about our hero. What's our hero's name. What's our hero's background. What's our hero's physical features. Our hero really has plenty of questions, but the author doesn't seem interested in answering any of them. Instead the author seems to be dictating out loud what our hero is thinking. Our hero starts twiddling our hero's thumbs. Escaping here is easy but, our hero thinks,  should our hero do that? There is no more depth to this fiat of text. Truly like a minecraft flat world. but without villages. just grass for the next infinite amount of blocks. 